here we are going to talk a little bit about
men's theme because I approached
the theme of women saying no
a lot of fans had gone
a lot of men too and I think
practically all we are assholes
sense that quite a few times when one is
unmarried ben there just challenge for
that we just back it up to have them in
our type and we tell departure reached
we will offer them restaurants we will
start to manipulate them between
quotation marks and that's how I find it
we men whom I defend a little
more thinking with our head than with the
bit what because I think of a
Somehow it is sure that the
drive in itself is natural but I
think you have to know how to control yourself
because when I see some
today that they are going squarely in
swingers clubs and gender that say
here is my wife I take the
here is me swingers clubs
it's like a farm with animals
what does this concept combine closing doors
who aimed at them what its limits I
respect more cows who eat
grass that people who go in
clubs exchanged either ok you have to be
open minded ok whatever you want
or that it is a natural drive
that everyone loves sex etc
and then she led who does not like sex
my opinion here is often there are
airmen a small category of
girls who will say they do not like
that's my opinion these challenges that are
badly fucked they are right wrong
received and therefore they have a bad
image of sex but here you have to know
that there are people who work well I
do not know where it is but how good each
attack to look for and these kinds of people
will give you the envy 2d but the sex is
good there are some who do not know how to do it
and so they disgusts you with sex and between
the territories you speak in your head
that that's what we're trying to
retry another one and you'll see I
think you'll find game on a
firefighter or three attachés
or few purchases of forgiveness
about men that's me I think
that you do not have to be naive I'm talking about
women because here is a lot of
women too that they really are not
pretty and the men the dredges really
just to have their costs and then
tell them the fairways the woolens just
after that you really have to be careful
because it's sure it's a pleasure
to have compliments that's for sure
is happy to be streaming
princess for 24 hours
and here after I think you feel
a dirtier course of knowing that
finally you made yourself 2-1 entuber and
two years in every sense of the
term so here I am personally
I am in a relationship
Serious I am very happy because
I want to build something
thing
I think all these relationships a
roof of a night somehow that
destroys you and is in a certain way
you get dirty you feel you do not feel
own I think you feel a hard
little guilty of having used between
quotes a person I think that
it's valid for men and for
the women
and so that's me I do not want to accuse
women to be
I think that of some
way they are aware that the
most of the time when they are
to dredge that she sleeps after a night
with a guy but ultimately unconsciously
that's what they want to be
to fuck directly only we know
all that women of some
way she likes to make believe that
it's little angels of the little ones
butterflies she likes to breathe the air
very hot but now we all know that at
final most women also like
to receive in l love sex and love them
as we have the same pulsation according to
just who she is l von sort
but this talent to be able to do you
believe that eventually she does not like
in quotation marks so here I am
wanted to answer a little bit every
emails I received regarding
women who tell me yeah it was necessary
first of all two men's themes
here I am I will not lie to you I
think I 'm going to make a middle ten
minutes I think it's clear most
men are perverts to most
men they are looking for that ass and
most men are
manipulators and so it's a little bit
women to have this intelligence
to be able to recognize men's ports
real men what men with
with a heart and values ​​here thank you